# Data examples


## config
This folder includes example setup-files for **dams-netx** scripts, **NetX I/O** and **NetX DSS**.
- `SecDepartment_hierarchy.csv` - should be referenced by prep-scripts and variables in this repo's `.env` 
  - This example shows a mapping between flat values from EMu into hierarchical folder values in NetX.  We use EMu's Security Department field (SecDepartment_tab) to determine a media-asset's NetX folder.

- `netxio.properties` example - an example of the proprties-file recommended for running [NetX I/O](https://support.netx.net/hc/en-us/articles/4409798060823) via the command line interface (CLI).
- `syncedMetadata` XML example - an example of an EMu/NetX mapping file required for [NetX DSS](https://support.netx.net/hc/en-us/articles/4409800580503-Data-Source-Sync).

## csv_good_examples
These include an example of a NetX pathAdd.csv, generated by `prep_pathadd.py`, to update a list of assets identified by their filenames (in the `file` column) by adding them to the folders in the `pathAdd` column.

## iiif
Examples of IIIF manifest JSON files generated by `mongo_to_IFFF.py`, to display a given media file and its corresponding EMu record data in a IIIF viewer such as [Universal Viewer](https://universalviewer.io)
- e.g., The manifest for FMNH EMu Multimedia irn "2450144" ([here](http://fm-digital-assets.fieldmuseum.org/2450/144/sue_3d_v4_color.glb)) can be previewed in the Universal Viewer ([here](https://uv-v4.netlify.app/#?manifest=https://fm-digital-assets.fieldmuseum.org/2609/561/2450144_sue_iiif_manifest.json&c=&m=&cv=&xywh=))

## sample_emurestapi_json
Examples of JSON returned for various calls to the [EMu API (emurestapi)](https://help.emu.axiell.com/emurestapi/latest/):
- [Multimedia record irn 2019480](sample_emurestapi_json/fmnh_2024_mm_2019480.json) describes an image file.
- [Multimedia record irn 1213735](sample_emurestapi_json/fmnh_2024_mm_1213735.json) describes an image file, which is related to [this Catalog record](sample_emurestapi_json/fmnh_2024_cat_393606.json) -- published online [here](https://db.fieldmuseum.org/ccf058cb-8ff6-4756-8180-de5335929f44)
- [Multimedia record irn 576429](sample_emurestapi_json/fmnh_2024_mm_576429_vid.json) describes a video file related to [this Event record](sample_emurestapi_json/fmnh_2024_event_963.json) -- also [published online here](https://pj.fieldmuseum.org/event/e92227f9-29a7-4b69-9f8a-ac9d72b9fae8)

Related Event or Catalog records can provide more context about projects and collections items respectively:
- [Event record irn 963](sample_emurestapi_json/fmnh_2024_event_963.json)
- [Catalog record irn 393606](sample_emurestapi_json/fmnh_2024_cat_393606.json)

Record schemas are also available via the emurestapi:
- [Multimedia record schema](sample_emurestapi_json/fmnh_schema_2024_emultimedia.json)
- [Event record schema](sample_emurestapi_json/fmnh_schema_2024_eevents.json)
- [Catalog record schema](sample_emurestapi_json/fmnh_schema_2024_ecatalogue.json)

## xml_good_examples & xml_bad_examples
The "good" XML examples consist of the full folder structure for EMu XML exports on 2022-12-22.

### EMu Multimedia Exports:
Each XML files includes 10 corresponding multimedia records.

- "NetX_emultimedia" includes all mapped emultimedia fields, and is the main input for `prep_emu_media.py`.
  - The SecDepartment values in this XML file determine an asset's NetX folders.

- "NetX_mm_catalogue" includes 2 fields pulled from any reverse-attached ecatalogue records.

- "NetX_mm_events" includes 5 fields pulled from any reverse-attached event records.

- "NetX_mm_exhobj_mm" and "NetX_mm_exhobj_install" (not shown) include fields from reverse attached exhibit object records, as well as from the exhibit object's associated exhibit-event.

### EMu Groups Export
- "NetX_groups" adds (or updates) corresponding NetX Collections.

### EMu Audit Exports 
- "NetX_audit" exports allow dams-netx scripts to remove unpublished or deleted EMu Multimedia or Groups from NetX.


The "bad" XML examples include a variety of badly-formed individual files, as well as bad folder-structures and missing export-files.
